[Music]
fifteen secret whatsapp features you
should try it's no wonder that in recent
years whatsapp became a huge part of our
lives it's convenient quick and easy to
use pretty much everyone has a large
whatsapp contact list and spends hours
each day to catch up with their families
friends or plan some events we collected
fifteen secret whatsapp features you
probably have never heard about did you
know how to find out the exact time
someone read your message watch the
video and learn all these amazing
features number fifteen font changing
not many people know that you can easily
change the fun of your messages on
whatsapp if you're feeling so just
simply put this symbol three times
before and after your text message like
this it's not much but it's still kind
of cool right don't confuse it with this
one though unfortunately this symbol is
available only on Android devices but
not on the iOS ones but you can always
just copy and paste it if you want to
try number 14 font styles while we're on
the topic of fonts font style changing
is also one of the secret features you
can find on whatsapp you can make your
messages bold italic and strikethrough
the algorithm is pretty much the same as
with the font changing for bold messages
you have to put Asterix before and after
your message you can send italics
messages by adding underscores and your
message can also be transformed to
strikethrough by using tilt ease plus
you can combine these symbols by putting
two or even all three symbols together
[Music]
13 most popular contacts interestingly
enough you can also find out who out of
your contacts do you talk to the most
this works only on iOS devices you can
do that by heading to settings and then
picking account and storage usage you'll
see the list of all your whatsapp
contacts and groups as well as the total
number of messages you've sent and
receive for each one of them just a
little bit of statistics can be quite
useful right number 12 muting group
chats if there is some group chat or a
person that's constantly bothering you
with endless messages you can simply
mute it just pick the chat click on its
name or the name of the contact on top
of the screen and select mute you'll
have an option to mute it for 8 hours a
week or even a year well I guess it has
to be a pretty annoying one to pick the
last option you can always go on
whatsapp later to catch every message
you've missed plus some time and pieces
irreplaceable
number 11 making personal information
private sometimes we use whatsapp to
talk to people we barely know for
example work contacts are people from
some dating websites that we want to get
to know better and it's not that safe to
make your personal information available
for everyone to see
thankfully whatsapp foresaw that go to
settings then click account and select
privacy here you can control what users
will see your profile picture status and
last time you were seen on whatsapp I
don't know about you but this makes me
feel much more comfortable number 10
stop Auto saving
as you probably already know whatsapp
automatically saves every picture and
video that are sent to you so if you're
sick and tired of constantly deleting
unnecessary photos that your contacts
message you you can turn the auto saving
off again go to settings then select
chats and turn off save incoming media
seriously what can you not find in
settings number nine adding dates to the
calendar if you type a certain date in
your message it will appear as a
hyperlink if you tap on it you'll be
given an option to create an event in
your calendar so you can simply plan
some adventures with your friends work
meetings or any other important events
right from your whatsapp to be able to
use this feature you have to write a day
of the week as well
for example Monday one sadly this works
only on iOS devices number eight add a
chat link to your home screen if you're
texting somebody pretty much all day or
have a favorite chat that you need quick
access to you can easily add a link to
it in your home screen this works for
Android devices all you need to do is
tap and hold on a chat and then click on
three vertical dots on the top right of
your screen and choose add conversation
shortcut that way you won't have to go
through all your chats to find the one
you need it will be right on your home
screen number 7 send your messages using
Siri some iPhone users probably are
already aware of this but for those of
you who don't know you can send whatsapp
messages just by using Siri on your
device just say hey Siri send a whatsapp
to and name the contact needed then
you'll be able to add the content of
your message we're all feeling a little
bit lazy sometimes so it's a rather
convenient feature don't you think
[Music]
you
they text that lights up your mood every
time you see it so for iOS users there
is a simple solution just double tap on
a message and select the star icon you
can later find it in the contact info
where you'll have an option called
starred messages you can also go back to
the exact moment when this message was
sent by tapping on the arrow next to the
text
number three secretly reading messages
not everyone knows that you can actually
read your whatsapp messages without it
stick turning blue to be able to do so
you have to follow a couple of simple
steps first of all when you receive a
message
don't open it right away and dismiss all
the notifications then set your phone on
air line mode that will turn your Wi-Fi
or internet connection off after that
just open your app and read the text
voila now nobody will know that you've
already seen this message sometimes this
can be quite helpful right you can also
turn the turning blue ticks off
completely by selecting settings then
accountant privacy there you'll find an
option to read receipts off
number two disable previews originally
whatsapp sends notifications with the
content of the message and all of us
probably know some curious people who
get really interested to see who sends
you what plus they can easily see the
text of the message on a preview
whatsapp thought about that and allowed
its users to disable those little
previews to do so you have to go to
settings click notifications and there
you'll see the option disable show
preview now you don't have to worry
about someone reading your personal and
private chats
number one find out the exact time
someone has read your text this magical
feature works for both Android and iOS
devices all you have to do is just hold
on any of your messages you're
interested in and choose info there
you'll see the time your message was
sent and also the time it was read and
yes you can control the last one by this
secret reading we told you about earlier
well I guess now you'll probably use
your whatsapp and a whole other way
won't you which one of these features
did you like the most
did you know about some of them tell us
in the comment section below and if you
want to see more videos like this then
hit the like button don't forget to
share this video with your friends whom
you chat with on whatsapp every single
day
you